if we study the laws of fluid motion
from physics and write a computer
program that contains these laws we can
create wondrous fluid simulations like
the ones you see here the amount of
detail we can simulate with these
programs is increasing every year not
only due to the fact that Hardware
improves over time but also the pace of
progress in computer Graphics research
is truly remarkable so is there nothing
else to do are we done with fluid
simulation research oh no no no no for
instance fluid solid interaction Still
Remains a challenging phenomenon to
simulate this means that the sand is
allowed to have an effect on the fluid
but at the same time as the fluid
sloshes around it also moves the sand
particles within this is what we refer
to as two-way coupling note that this
previous work that you see here was
built on the material Point method a
hybrid simulation technique that uses
both particles and grids whereas this
new paper introduces proper fluid solid
coupling to the simpler grid-based
simulators not only that but this new
work also shows us that there are
different kinds of to wake up link if we
look at this footage with the honey and
the Dipper it looks great however this
still doesn't seem right to me we are
doing science here so fortunately we
don't need to guess what seems and what
doesn't seem right this is my favorite
part because this is when we let reality
be our judge and compare to what exactly
happens in the real world so let's do
that
whoa there's quite a bit of a difference
because in reality the honey is able to
support the Dipper one-way coupling of
course cannot simulate this kind of back
and forth interaction
and neither can weak to wake up link
pull this off
and now let's see
yes there we go the new strong two-way
coupling method finally gets this right
and not only that but what I really love
about this is that it also gets small
nuances right I will try to speed up the
footage a little so you can see that the
honey doesn't only support the Dipper
but the Dipper still has some subtle
movements both in reality and in the
simulation a plus love it so what is the
problem why is this so difficult to
simulate one of the key problems here is
being able to have a simulation that has
a fine resolution in areas where a fluid
and a solid intersect each other if we
create a super detailed simulation it
will take from hours to days to compute
but on the other hand if we have a two
course one it will compute the required
deformations in so few of these grid
points that will get a really inaccurate
simulation and not only that but we will
even miss some of the interactions
completely this paper proposes a neat
new volume estimation technique that
focuses these computations to where the
action happens and only there which
means that we can get these really
incredible results even if we only run a
relatively coarse simulation
I could watch this GUI visca simulations
all day long if you have a closer look
at the paper in the description you will
find some hard data that shows that this
technique executes quicker than other
methods that are able to provide
comparable results this episode has been
supported by weights and biases weights
and biases provides tools to track your
experiments in your deep learning
projects it can save you a ton of time
and money in these projects and is being
used by open AI Toyota research Stanford
and Berkeley in this blog post you see
that with the help of weights and biases
it is possible to write an AI that plays
the witness one of my favorite Puzzler
games if you are interested in the game
itself you can also check out my earlier
video on it I know it sounds curious I
indeed made a video about a game on this
channel you can find it in the video
description and also make sure to visit
them through wendyb.com papers
wandb.com papers or just click the link
in the video description and sign up for
a free demo today our thanks to weights
and biases for helping us make better
videos for you thanks for watching and
for your generous support and I'll see
you next time